Achilles and a tortoise start on a track. Achilles is faster.
The tortoise has a head start.
Speeds: Achilles 2 units/s, tortoise 1 unit/s.
Zeno's idea: Achilles first reaches the tortoise's previous spot.
By then, the tortoise has moved ahead a bit.
Repeat: each chase step is half as long as the last.
These intervals form a geometric sequence with ratio 1/2.
Visually, colored segments shrink and accumulate.
Half plus quarter plus eighth... sums to a finite time.
Slide left to compare motion with a time–position graph.
Each runner's position is a straight line in time.
Advance a shared time cursor; watch both positions together.
The lines intersect at the meeting event.
Time flows steadily; both dots approach the crossing point.
There it is: they meet at the same time and place.
Snap the track view to the meeting point.
Infinite steps can sum to a finite time—paradox resolved.